Update README for AWS templates (#39)
IBM/ibm-satellite-storage: config-templates/aws/aws-ebs-csi-driver/0.8.2/README.md

# AWS EBS CSI Driver

AWS EBS CSI driver implements the CSI specification for container orchestrators to manage the lifecycle of Amazon EBS volumes.

**Features supported:**
- Dyanamic Provisioning
- Volume Resizing
- Volume Snapshot 

## Prerequisites
**Planning consideration for Infra Admin**

> -  For better IOPS and throughput, use instance built on *Nitro System*. Refer to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  For better IOPS and throughput, create an instance that uses *Nitro System*. Refer to 
```

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html

**Planning consideration for Location Admin**
- The driver requires IAM permission to talk to Amazon EBS to manage the volume on user's behalf. Create an IAM user with proper permission and get *AWS Access Keys*. Refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powershell/latest/userguide/pstools-appendix-sign-up.html

- Volume type *io2* requires iopsPerGB, default is set to *10 IOPS/GB*.

>   To set different value for iopsPerGB, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html

Reviewer: Let's put this sentence in the parameter table with the `iops` parameter - and include a statement that says they should pass the IOPs value that is required for the volume that type that they want to use.

Author: Moved to desciption column. Also `iops-per-gb` is required only by `sat-aws-block-gold` storageclass (volume type: io2). So I added note for same.
`sat-aws-block-gold storageclass (Volume type io2) requires iopsPerGB, default is set to 10 IOPS/GB. To set different value for iopsPerGB, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html
`

## AWS EBS CSI Driver parameters & how to retrieve them

Retrieve all parameters required by this template
```
ibmcloud sat storage template get --name aws-ebs-csi-driver --version 0.8.2
```

**AWS EBS CSI Driver parameters**

| Parameter | Required? | Description | Default value if not provided |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `aws-access-key` | Required | This is a required parameter. | N/A |
| `aws-secret-access-key` | Required | This is a required parameter. | N/A | |

> | `iops-per-gb` | Optional | This is an optional parameter.  | 10 |

Author: ```
Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1 and io2) volumes are designed to meet the needs of I/O-intensive workloads, particularly database workloads, that are sensitive to storage performance and consistency. Provisioned IOPS SSD volumes use a consistent IOPS rate, which you specify when you create the volume, and Amazon EBS delivers the provisioned performance 99.9 percent of the time
```
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html#EBSVolumeTypes_piops

| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `sat-aws-block-gold` | io2 | ext4 | 10 | 4 GiB - 16 TiB | SSD | Delete | 
| `sat-aws-block-silver` | gp3 | ext4 | N/A | 1 GiB - 16 TiB | SSD | Delete | 
| `sat-aws-block-bronze` | st1 | ext4 | N/A | 125 GiB - 16 TiB | HDD | Delete | 

## Creating the AWS EBS CSI Driver storage configuration

**Example `sat storage config create` command**

```sh
ibmcloud sat storage config create --name aws-ebs-conf --template-name aws-ebs-csi-driver --template-version 0.8.2 -p "aws-access-key=<access-key-without-base64-encoding>" -p "aws-secret-access-key=<secret-access-key-without-base64-encoding>" -p "iops-per-gb=<iops-per-gb>"
```

## Creating the storage assignment

**Example `sat storage assignment create` command**

```sh
ibmcloud sat storage assignment create --name install-ebs --cluster-group <cluster-group> --configuration aws-ebs-conf
```

## Verifying your AWS EBS CSI Driver storage configuration is assigned to your clusters

Provide steps to retrieve any driver pods, storage classes, or any other resources that are deployed with your storage configuration.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

List the EBS driver pods in the `kube-system` namespace and verify that the status is `Running`.

```

```
$ oc get pods -n kube-system | grep ebs    
ebs-csi-controller-5dc5468b9-d8c5c      6/6     Running   0          2d8h
ebs-csi-controller-5dc5468b9-p2tw4      6/6     Running   0          2d8h
ebs-csi-node-2vt9v                      3/3     Running   0          2d8h
ebs-csi-node-7wccn                      3/3     Running   0          2d8h
ebs-csi-node-rllvw                      3/3     Running   0          2d8h
ebs-snapshot-controller-0               1/1     Running   0          2d8h
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

List the EBS storage classes.

```
